Transformer Function
#TODO: Read in the Jefferson_State_Zones from the open source database once that's published

If we need to change the anything related to the grids
- number of boxes
- location of the grids
- size of the grids
- how far Louisville spans 
- excluding boxes in the grid to query in
Please follow the following steps to get a new set of coordinates

Steps:

1. Ensure that your python environment has pandas and pyproj installed
If you are unsure of how to do this, look into documentation on using pip to install

2. Ensure that the document with the Kentucky State Plane coordinates: 
	a. is a CSV file
	b. has the labels: XMIN	YMIN XMAX YMAX as the headers
	c. is in the same folder as your transformer.py file
	d. is named 'Jefferson_State_Zones.csv'
		- alternatively you can change the path name in the transformer python file to your appropriate file names
		
3. Now, go ahead and run the transformer function. If everything goes smoothly, you should see the words:
"Transformed CSV saved to coordinates.csv" on the screen and in the file, you should see the new coordinates.csv file

4. Replace the old coordinates.csv file with the new one 

Debugging:

1. If you see an error mention: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'C:...\\Jefferson_State_Zones.csv'
Please make sure that you file is appropriately named and follows all of the guidelines in Step 2

2. If you see any errors regarding permission: Try running your application (Visual Studio, terminal, etc) in admin mode.
Also delete any old files in the current folder that are unrelated or not necessary. We should only need the transformer.py
and the Jefferson_State_Zones.csv (the docs can stay as well)

3. If you don't think that the code is properly picking up the new values, please ensure that the file has been properly
replaced and then try rebuilding your project/solution. In Visual Studio, this is done by right project at the top of the
solution explorer, and then clicking rebuild 

